Add tutorial to DynamoDB registry docs (#4686)
kubernetes-sigs/external-dns: docs/tutorials/aws.md

      key: {{ YOUR_SECRET_KEY }}
```

## DynamoDB Registry

> If you would like to leverage the DynamoDB registry instead of the TXT registry, see [The DynamoDB Registry](../registry/dynamodb.md) for modifications needed to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DynamoDB Registry can be used to store dns records metadata. See the [DynamoDB Registry Tutorial](../registry/dynamodb.md) for more information.
```
